README.md, before:

ElvUI_BenikUI
=============
an external ElvUI edit

Due to early beta stage, the ui will only be available in GitHub

- Please run the installer when prompted.

- Enhancements:

> Decors all ElvUI/Blizz frames.

> Adds a bar in player and target like TukUI does that can be used to place hp/power text etc. Mouse over can show rep or xp.

> Enhanced Dashboard that shows ms, fps, memory, durability, volume. Volume can be adjusted by left/right click - mouseover the speaker icon.

> Tokens Dashboard based on AsphyxiaUI.

> Detached portraits - player and target (see below for issues).

> Buttons beside the chat datatexts, that can show/hide the previous dahboards (left chat) and Game menu - ElvUI options (right side).

> 2 Small mouseovered buttons on the actionbar decor that can show/hide bar 3 and 5 (probably I will remove them from there, too "dangerous" for clickers :P)

> All options are in light blue color inside ElvUI options; currently in actionbars, unitframes, player and target portraits.

- Compatibility:
S&L and most of ElvUI plugins that I could test.

- Log:
Everything seems smooth so far except:
Target detached portrait still ain't working, so I don't recommend enabling it. Well, enabling it works but after a reload it gets messed up. Player detached portrait is working fine.

I will appreciate any help on testing or solving issues.

Thanks :D

Commit message:

v1.01
*Added/changed stuff in the install routine.
*Added BenikUI style in some more frames and tabs.
*Changed the fonts addon a bit. More elegant now and added BenikUI font
in Quest title.
*Added an option to force or not BenikUI fonts. A game restart is
required to apply.
*Played with the Style function.

README.md, after:

ElvUI_BenikUI
=============
an external ElvUI edit

- Requires ElvUI 6+. Please run the installer when prompted.

- Suggestions, recommendations, things to add/remove ;) or to say thanks: http://www.tukui.org/addons/index.php?act=view&id=228

- Enhancements:
> Decors all ElvUI and Blizzard frames.
> 3 color themes plus the default ElvUI. 'Diablo' (dark red), 'Mists' (dark green), 'Hearthstone' (dark blue).
> Adds a bar in player and target like TukUI does, that can be used to place hp/power text etc. Mouse over can show rep or xp.
> Enhanced Dashboard that shows ms, fps, memory, durability, volume. Volume can be adjusted by left/right click - mouseover the speaker icon.
> Tokens Dashboard based on AsphyxiaUI.
> Detached portraits - player and target.
> Buttons beside the chat datatexts, that can show/hide the previous dashboards (left chat) and Game menu - ElvUI options (right side). Shift and mouse over the cornered buttons, will show an arrow to hide the chat (like ElvUI does).
> 2 Small mouseovered buttons on the actionbar decor (bar 1 or 2), that can show/hide bar 3 and 5
> Decors to fit with BenikUI: S&L, LocationPlus, LocationLite, Recount, Skada, TinyDPS, Altoholic, AtlasLoot, ZygorGuides, RareCoordinator. Many more to come. Just poke me :)
> All options are in light blue color inside ElvUI options; currently in actionbars, unitframes, player and target portraits. 

- Compatibility:
S&L and most of ElvUI plugins that I could test.

- Credits:
> Elv, Tukz, Blazeflack, Azilroka, Sinaris, Repooc, Darth Predator, Dandruff, ElvUI community

- Known Issues:
> Playing a male worgen character, will fail to detach player portrait.

I will appreciate any help on testing or solving issues.

Thanks :D
